Hi I invite web designers to email me mansworldireland@gmail.com thank you Barry Murphy

rorycoreilly@gmail.com

can anyone recommend a hood hosting provider with simple gui?   - Aine Richard

Ugh hit again wrong button... https://www.facebook.com/WrapnloveSpecialOccasion/ looking for Web designer to help me with Web site idea combining them together or keep separate

i have website that really needs an improvement.please email maria_rgn@yahoo.com 

@valeria education sites are our specialty, ping me cormac@mastered.ie

dariastepka@hotmail.com 

Danielle Dooris : Great, I have a DIY website I did myself. I am looking for help with new site. www.layeredinteriors.ie 

Kevin McFeely | FLY media providing clients with multi media services photography, video both on the ground and in the air www.flymedia.ie kevin@flymedia.ie 

Hi there I am a Yoga Instructor and recently qualified Life Coach ( Coaching with Neuroscience) and want to combine these qualities online and become visible to the WORLD! if you can help please contact me at elizabeththelifecoach@gmail.com (need help with the TOV too).

Natalie.Cummins32@gmail.com 

@Ruth - I’m selling prints and originals and am using WooCommerce - www.mariajordanoreilly.com 

Hi everyone, I'm seeking a web developer to help build the backend of my online training platform. my emails sammy.wright@strategictalent.ie and mobiles 0866072117 

Hello , Advance Heating Systems - Looking for quotations to update our website - www.advanceheating.ie and or darragh@advanceheating.ie 

Catherine Wickham: Hi everyone, I'm the designer behind Sea Meadow Designs, creating real flower and nature inspired jewellery, I'm looking for a rebrand and upgrade on my stand alone web site and Etsy store. I'm also changing up my product to move in another direction, so looking for someone to help with this, thanks! 

www.dublinwebgirl.com/get-in-touch/ 

Hi Everyone ,Im Sharon from Sharons Beauty Salon in Rush Co. Dublin. unfortunately closed at present ,We Sell Environ and Dermalogica Products. I am also looking for help with the back end of my website.my number is 0872555057 

Hello I am looking for a web service in Meath. Valerie Clarke Pilates and Yoga 

Philip O'Dwyer, Junction Trade, Supply Chain, Logistics & Customs Clearance for Exports and Imports. pjodwyer@gmail.com 

Hi everyone, anyone requiring images for their website, I’m a photographer based in Dublin, email finipix@gmail.com 0863709498 Fintan

Can you please email slides to Ryano@naturalstacks.ie

Natural Stacks Health Store 

Maria Jordan Oreylly

The Cowshed Dungarvan check us out on FB and Instagram. Looking for web design for our new accommodation and event based business Thanks in advance.. thecowsheddungarvan@gmail.com

SBuckley we are in Cork email me robbie@pluspromotions.ie

Ross Maguire: Just wondering if there are any web developers here that specialise in Shopify? 

@Ross we are Shopify partners and do roughly 30-40 Shopify websites per annum - we would be delighted to have a chat - Hitesh@webconsulting.ie 